[MUSIC PLAYING]
[FLUTE PLAYING]
>>Hello, my name is
Drunvalo Melchizedek.
I'll be your guide during
this video presentation.
What you're about to see
is the journey of my life
through this reality
of how I learned
about God and the
relationships that we
have with all life, everywhere.
Through all of this,
I realized that Christ
is in the eyes of every
person that stands before me,
and Christ is in
your eyes, also.
This information is ancient.
It's very, very old.
It may seem new.
It may seem like something
you've never heard before,
but it isn't.
It's really old,
and then the truth
is that you have it
all within you already.
Really, you remember things
that are so deep inside of you,
or can remember these
things, and this
is what this video is all
about-- to trigger these things
so that you remember who you
are and why you came here
and what it's all about,
why you're on this Earth.
It is my prayer that this
be a blessing in your life
and that it open unto you
a whole new way of seeing
the world, something brand
new and something very old.
Thank you.
I love you very much.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What you're about to see
is a video of information
that has come from many, many,
many different directions
within my own being,
and many people
have asked me exactly
who it is or where
did this information
come from, because it's
a varied set of parameters.
And yet it comes together
into one big picture.
So just for the record,
and just for everyone
to know who and
where this came from,
and to give these
people credit, I
would like to talk about
who my teachers were
and where all of this came from.
And in order to
do this, I'm going
to have to go all
the way back to when
I was a little, tiny kid.
And when I was really
little, I was Catholic,
and I went through all the
Catholic schools, all the way
up almost to the very end.
And through high
school, I didn't quite
make it through high
school, but I got almost
through high school.
And, of course, Jesus
was the first person
that has ever influenced
my life and through what
is being transmitted
to you through here.
But as time went
on, in my early 20s,
I began to see that
there was more,
not that what Jesus had
to say was incomplete,
only that I had a
longing for a larger
picture of what was being said.
And I made a big switch.
I actually became Jewish, and
I began to study the Kabbalah
and to see what that had
to say relative to what
Jesus had to say.
And this went on
for a few years,
until something
that began to happen
in my life in the early '70s.
First of all, probably the most
important thing that happened
was I literally died
on April 10th of 1972,
and in a single breath, part
of who I was, you could say,
left here.
And in another breath,
when I breathed back in,
the person who's
talking to you now
began to breathe
through this body.
And that, of course, had a
big, big influence on my life.
At the same time
that that happened,
there were these two angels
that appeared in my life.
They have no names.
They were both
about 10 feet tall.
One of them was purple in color,
kind of an ultraviolet color,
and the other was green.
And over the next few months, as
they would appear into the room
and begin to talk
to me, they led me
to many, many, many different
teachers around the world.
Some of them I physically
connected with.
Some of them I psychically
connected with,
and in various
ways, I communicated
with many people, which
was probably about 70,
though that's a guess.
And interestingly enough,
they would actually
give me the name, address,
and telephone number
of who I was to connect with,
of whom my next teacher was.
It was kind of a funny feeling.
I remember in the beginning,
they would say, OK.
You're going to see this person.
Here they are, and call them up.
So I'd just call them
up, and sure enough it
would be that person.
It used to kind of blow
my mind in the beginning,
then I got used to it.
One of the very first people--
and it's someone no one's
ever heard of, I'm sure-- and
his name was Wilf Chipman.
And he was an alchemist,
and they led me to him.
And I studied with him
for over two years,
and I studied alchemy.
And he was an
extraordinary teacher.
He really knew what he was
doing on a lot of levels,
and it was a very important
groundwork, especially out
of coming out of the Kabbalah.
And at the same time that I
working with Wilf Chipman,
there was another person that
some of you may remember,
which was Karpal Singh, and
I began to work through him
and work with him
during that time.
This was back in
probably about 1972.
At that same time,
I was brought to,
or introduced into, the
Order of Melchizedek.
This is actually Alpha and
Omega Order of Melchizedek,
and it was the first order of
the Great White Brotherhood.
There are 72 orders in the
Great White Brotherhood,
and my introduction was through
the first order, the oldest
one, and also the
youngest order.
The youngest order is the
Brotherhood of the Seven Rays,
and so it's through
those, the two
ends of the alpha and the
omega, that-- it would really
be more appropriate to say
that they work through me
than I work through them.
Now, the Brotherhood
of the Seven Rays
is actually in Bolivia, very
near the border of Peru.
The entry way is through
the Valley of the Blue Moon.
After that time, I became
involved very deeply in Sufism,
and Sufism, which came out
of the Muslim tradition
and the Quran maybe
about 700 years ago,
was one of the
first religions that
began to see that, really,
all religions are one.
They are all interconnected.
Of course, if you ask
a Buddhist or if you
ask a Catholic or someone else
if there is interconnection,
they'll say, no.
But if you study deeply
and go into the geometries
of the inner aspects of
every religion, of all the
eight major religions, they
are deeply interconnected.
And the Sufis saw
this a long time ago,
and so it became my
path for about 11 years.
And the first teacher
that came to me
was Hazrat Inayat Khan, who
brought Sufism to the West
a long time ago, and then later,
through his son, Pierre Vilayat
Khan.
One of the most
important teachers
that I had through all of this
was a man named Murshid Hassan,
and Murshid Hassan was the
head of seven dervish orders.
He actually lives in a
concentration camp in Israel,
though he is one of the most
respected people in Israel,
at least in terms of Sufism.
And I spent not a long
time with this man.
It was only a few weeks,
but he changed so many
of my viewpoints of how I
interpreted the reality.
He was about 90 years old.
He was a skinny, little man.
He was very healthy.
And at that time, I
was into macrobiotics,
and I was extremely
strict about what I ate
and all that kind of thing.
And suddenly, this
teacher comes in,
who affected me on
a very deep level
just by being in his presence.
And as I watched
him work, he just
began to destroy
everything that I thought
was true on a lot of levels.
I thought that the
food was so important,
and it is, in certain ways.
But I watched a man
here who, for two weeks,
I never saw him eat a single
bite of food, nothing.
He may have snuck something
in his room or something.
I don't know, but I didn't
see him eat anything.
But what I did see him do was
he took a cup, about this big,
put about half filled
with pure white sugar,
pour this thick coffee
into it, and smoke
these long cigarettes,
these brown cigarettes.
And all he did was drink
this sugar-coffee water
and these cigarettes.
It was the only
thing he ever ate,
and yet his light that came
off of him was incredible.
He loved children.
He saw children as the
true teachers of the world,
and if someone would bring
a child into the room,
he would be sitting
on the stage with 100,
200 people around him.
And if someone brought
a child into the room,
he would just stop.
He would get down off of his
chair where he was teaching
and have the child put on
the chair because he said,
this is truly our real teachers.
There were other Sufi
teachers that influenced me.
One was Murshid Isa, who
has the circle of friends
from around the world,
and Murshid Sam Lewis,
who was a very important
teacher of mine.
I love them all.
I also became involved in
Hinduism in lots of ways,
and I don't know if
I could even begin
to bring up all the
different aspects of that.
I was very closely
connected to Yogananda,
and I still love this man,
who was also interconnected
with the Order of Melchizedek.
And probably not
very many people
from the Self-Realization
Foundation know that,
but he was, and
also Sri Yukteswar,
which was Yogananda's teacher
and who has recently given me
a great deal of information.
Also Bhajan Sri
Wajani, you know,
I know he's [INAUDIBLE] a
lot of people on that one,
for his presence in
the United States.
He was primarily
a Daoist teacher,
and he used himself
as an example.
So here's a man who comes
to the United States
and has something like
200 Mercedes-Benz,
or whatever it is,
or Rolls Royces,
and everybody's saying, wow.
He's just totally
into materialism.
But what he was doing was
showing, through his own being,
exactly what we were
doing and using himself.
If you understand Daoism,
you'll understand what
he was doing as a teaching.
I was real close with Ram Dass,
from the very, very beginning,
and I really love this man also.
He taught me that I can
just use myself openly,
and anything that
happens in my life,
I can use that
openly, without fear.
In other words,
instead of trying
to protect your image of
who you think you are,
just let God do it.
And open up, and
just be who you are.
And don't worry about what
anyone thinks or anything else.
And it was very, very powerful,
what Ram Dass gave to me.
I also spent a long time-- well,
not a long time, but a couple
years-- at Lama Foundation,
where Ram Dass taught a lot,
and there were
many teachers that
came through there
that influenced me
in what happened here.
In fact, the very act of
living at Lama Foundation
was a great deal a
part of this teaching.
In more recent times, Sai
Baba has been very involved
in what we're doing.
He is involved with
something that's
called the Tri-Phase,
which we don't actually
get into here yet.
It's a higher
level of this work.
And his work is important
to what we are doing.
While I was at Lama, I even
became Muslim for about a year.
I did Salah five
times a day, and I
passed through all
the various aspects
and studied the Quran to
see how they saw the world
and where they were coming from.
And it's very beautiful,
their point of view.
I really love what they
have to offer to the world.
The Tibetans played
a very important part
in understanding the role.
The Tibetans probably know
more about the Merkaba
than anyone else in the world,
though Sai Baba is getting
very close to it right now,
and the biggest teacher
that I had through
Tibet was Kalu Rinpoche,
who died not too long ago but
is now back in human form.
He's just a child right
now, and he was my greatest
Tibetan teacher.
I will always say that.
I love him, though I had
to study with other ones.
I had to go to Boulder and study
with Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche.
I didn't really
like that very much.
It was a lifetime of chaos
for him, that he was teaching,
and it wasn't real comfortable
to be in his teachings.
But they were
important teachings,
and I needed to learn
what that was about.
There was a little bit
of Tarthang Tulku also
that was involved in Tibet,
but mostly Kalu Rinpoche
had the strongest effect on me.
I have studied Daoism
for a long time,
and my main teacher in
there was Master Chu Fang
Chu, who taught me
the Daoist breathing
and the breath and
the chi and the power
that comes through the breath.
His understanding, to me,
was really, really important,
and the I Ching, itself, though
it appears to just be a book,
is much more than that
once it's understood.
It's an exact
replica of the DNA,
and that I spent a
long time studying.
I feel, through almost all
of this various religious
teachings, that
Daoism is probably
the closest thing that I feel
is the closest to my heart.
There have been many
psychic and channels that
have entered into this work.
One, for example, was
Bashar, out of Los Angeles.
That's the actual person that
comes through the channel,
and Bashar is actually
one of the Greys, which
we will be talking about.
He's not actually a Grey.
He's one of the races that
was derived from the Greys,
coming from the future,
300 years from our future,
coming back here to help correct
some of the anomalies that
have happened here.
And his work was very
interesting to me
and what he has to
say, though I have
to admit that probably the
biggest influence-- or one
of the biggest
influences, put it
that way-- that have affected me
has been the Native Americans.
I have 12 Native
American teachers.
A couple of those I
have not even met yet.
They're still coming
in the future,
but I know that that number
is how many there are.
The first one, and
the most powerful one
that has ever come to
me, was Grandfather David
from the Hopi Tribe,
who held the Hopi
prophecy for a long time.
And what he had to
teach me and give to me
was essential in all of this.
From there also, in the Taos
Tribe in Taos, New Mexico,
was Tellus Good Morning, who
was the head of the Peyote
Tribe out of Taos, and
his son, Jimmy Reyna.
And those two,
especially Jimmy Reyna,
have played a
really crucial role.
I studied with Jimmy
Reyna almost for 14 years,
and the way that he would
teach and what he would show me
and how everything was through
the Native American eyes
is essential in what is
being presented here.
Though Tellus Good
Morning and Jimmy Reyna
were very important
teachers in the sense
that I worked directly with
them on a day-to-day basis,
two of the most important,
even on other levels,
more important, people
from the Taos Pueblo
were Juan Concha
and Cradleflower.
They were brother and
sister, and Juan Concha
was the chief of the Taos
Tribe until the Bureau
of Indian Affairs came in and
didn't allow that anymore.
And they made a governor and
a board of directors, kind of,
and when they did,
they took Juan Concha
and made him the cacique
or the religious leader.
And Juan Concha came to
my house for over 35 years
before he died, every
single year, usually
at Christmas time,
and I never knew why
these guys were coming there.
Every year, there would be ham
and for or five Indians that
would sit down and eat dinner
with us, and I was going,
who are these guys, anyway?
You know, and after a while,
you just sort of assume
they're there.
But he was just
making sure that he
knew where I was all
the time because we
had an agreement, going all the
way back until the year 1890.
And there were things
that I had to do
for them, which
you will understand
as this video unfolds.
Cradleflower, his sister,
she was a medicine woman,
and she taught me so
much on so many levels.
Every time that I needed
to communicate with her--
or put it this
way, every time she
wanted to communicate with
me-- she would send a crow.
And the crow would
come to my window,
and it would just keep
pecking on my window
until I would get on the
phone and call her or go down.
It wouldn't leave
until I'd go there,
and then when I'd get there
and show up at her house,
she'd say, well, did
you see the crow?
And I'd go, yeah, and
then she'd tell me.
And it's an interesting world.
The area of sacred geometry is
an area where great influence
has come in also, but you must
understand that I didn't even
know what sacred geometry
was for many years
in the beginning.
These were just images that were
coming to me from the angels,
and I was just
copying them down.
And I would get great
understanding from them,
but I didn't know that
there were other people that
had studied this before.
I thought this was something
just I knew, but eventually,
many years down
the line, I began
to realize that other people
had studied this thing,
and I started working and
studying with other people.
And there were certain people,
like Robert Lawlor and Keith
Critchlow and their work,
which was very instrumental,
and Buckminster Fuller,
of course, Stan Tenen
and the language work
that he has done,
and Derald Langham's work
was very, very powerful
in understanding the
relationship of geometries
to life.
And people like Dan Winter,
and there are many other people
that have-- Bob
Gulick, I don't know
if I can remember them all,
but there are many people that
have come in here and
have shown me things
about sacred geometry
that have even added to,
though most of this
work you're going to see
came before I knew any of this.
And probably the person who has
influenced the geometry more
than anyone else,
and more information
is coming from this one person
than just about anyone else,
especially around the
area of sacred geometry,
was someone who is
still alive, though he
was born 52,000 years ago.
I know that's going to be
pretty hard TO sink in there,
but his name Thoth, T-H-O-T-H.
At least that was his name
during the time of Egypt.
I'll be talking about
him pretty soon,
and you'll know more about
this particular person.
But he's extraordinary, and
he's been helping people
all over the world to understand
the deeper levels of what
life is really about.
And I guess in the
area of science,
there's been one person
who has dramatically
affected many of the ways of my
interpretation of the reality
through science, and this was
a man named Bob Dratch who
lives in Colorado.
And his work is incredible
because he is understood
and now understands the
relationship of what's
called waveform and reality.
It's the unfoldment
of a zero point,
which is how a womb works.
How creation actually comes
into being is at this moment
being understood by the world,
though not too many people
talk about it, and so his
work has been very powerful.
So I'm sure there's
probably other people
that I'm leaving
out, and to them, I'm
sorry if I haven't at this
moment come up with your names.
But this is a list of most
of the people and areas that
have influenced what you're
about to see, so thank you.
Because there is one
crucial aspect of this,
and that is that about
13,000 years ago,
something happened on Earth.
And it actually started
about 16,000 years ago,
but the actual
physical event was just
under 13,000 years ago.
We did something.
We changed the way we breathe,
which I will talk about
in detail, and the direct effect
of that change in breathing
pattern is something called
good and evil consciousness,
where we perceive ourselves
as being inside of a body,
looking out at what appears to
be totally separate from you,
which is completely an illusion.
There's no truth in that at all,
but it appears that way to us.
And our right brain, which
is the aspect of us that
is feminine and that controls
the left side of our body,
it is pretty much
in tune, actually.
It is aware that
there is only one God
and that kind of everything is
OK, though it can't tell you.
It can't really
explain to you why,
but the left side
of our brain, which
controls the right side of our
body, the male aspect of us,
this is where the
real problem lies.
Pretty much everyone
agrees on this.
Our left brain, the
logical side of us,
looks outside of the
universe and sees everything
polarized, separated.
And there's black and white,
and there's up and down
and male and female.
And there's the inside
and the outside,
and there's the good and the
bad and all these things.
And so your left brain does
not see the unity of life
and does not really believe
that there's only one God.
It may even say the words,
I believe there is one God.
But inside there
is this little part
that's got this doubt
because there's the good guy.
There's God, and
there's the devil.
There's all these
separated aspects of us.
And so these first
three and a half,
four days, the main
purpose is to clearly show
your logical side that
there is an absolute unity
to the reality and that you are
an intimate part of that unity
and that there is only one God.
It's essential in the sense
that once your left brain
sees that and
understands it, then
it begins to interlock between
and integrate between the left
and right brain.
And the pineal gland is then
capable of functioning again,
because at the moment your
pineal gland is-- well,
it does have a little
bit of functioning
through linear light that
passes through the eyes
and goes through
the hypothalamus
and into the pineal gland.
And so you have a certain
amount of functioning
of the pineal gland,
but it's true purpose
is to receive light,
to receive prana,
which is another form of light.
But it's primarily
higher dimensional light,
and it can't do
that at the moment.
Once this integration between
the left and the right brain
[INAUDIBLE] place,
then your pineal gland
is capable of doing something,
of receiving this pranic light.
And then the
meditation is possible.
So if someone were to
just do this meditation
in this particular
state, without having
the understanding of
these first four days,
it's highly unlikely that they
would get very much out of it,
even if they were
doing it perfectly,
because they've got a block,
a shield that's blocking that
from working.
So that's why we have to go
through so much of this stuff,
and I don't like to do it.
And most people don't even like
to watch it because it's hard,
you know.
And it's mathematics
and all this stuff,
but that's who we're talking
to, is your male side,
is this male knowledge.
And it's also super condensed,
which makes it harder.
This was given only one other
time in the world's history,
at least in the
last 13,000 years,
and that was in Egypt
during the 18th Dynasty.
And it was only given
for 17 and 1/2 years
in a short period of time.
There, it took them
12 years to present
what we're giving you
in about four days,
and so you're getting a
super condensed, very rapid
presentation of this.
So I can understand
why some of you
come back two or three
times, trying to get,
what was that he said?
Because it's a lot,
I know it's a lot.
OK, the other
thing about this is
that if you just
come here and listen
to what I have to
say and then go home
and practice the
meditation kind of thing,
you'll kind of be missing
the point in a way
because what we're really
talking about here, what you
might say is group
consciousness, consciousness
beyond your individual
self, because as you go up
in consciousness, you keep
coming to these places where
you will realize that you
merge with, you would say,
zillions of other souls.
It just keeps going on on
these higher and higher levels
of awareness, and you have
to lose your identity.
It's very much like if
you look at your body.
Your body is always
this little microcosm
that reflects the
macrocosm and all that is,
and you've got about 100
trillion cells in your body.
And they're all like people.
They have different sizes, and
they have different functions.
And they're in
different regions,
and you might say, like,
different dimensional levels
and places and things.
And they all work
together as a whole,
but there is this kind
of over-person, you,
that's beyond all of that.
And coming up through the
levels is like a single.
You're like a single
cell down here,
about to go up through the
various levels, and if you do,
you will merge with tissues
and then organs and higher
and higher levels of the
body, until you become
this-- like, really, what
we're referring to as God
is like me relative to a cell.
But, of course, there's more
beyond what we call God.
Our levels of what we are,
concepts of God are limited,
but nevertheless, we
have to reach as far
as our limits will take us,
whatever our possibilities are.
And that's what's
about to happen to us.
We're about to go up
from a cell to a person,
make a huge leap in awareness,
and it's going to be a big one.
And it's going to
happen quick, real soon.
[LAUGHTER]
The sooner the better.
This group consciousness thing
needs to be reflected here,
and if at this time we can
begin to merge with this group--
just, we've got to
start somewhere.
We've all come from
all over the place.
People are here from
Hawaii, England,
and I don't know where else,
all over, from various places
around the United States.
But what I do know
about these groups
is that each one comes here.
I can almost say for certain
if you are here at this time,
you all have
connections together.
You may be surprised
how much you
have in common on
certain levels,
and if you were to go
back into past lives,
you may be seeing how many
times you have interwoven
with each other before.
And you've all been around
a long time, most of you,
and I can almost say with
certainty that you all
have more than likely walked
into your bodies, though not
necessarily, at some
time in your life.
And you are almost more than
likely interdimensional beings.
You've come from another
dimension, not another planet,
another consciousness level.
And you've come down here
for a purposeful reason,
because that's
primarily what one
of my main purposes
of communicating
to these groups like this
is, to act as a catalyst
to remind you of who you are
so that your memories can come
back.
And you can remember
where you came from
and why you came here
and these kind of things
because this is important, for
you to finish what you do here.
My background is mostly in
mathematics and physics.
That's what I started out.
I got within a few days
of graduating and that.
I had one quarter
left-- that was
at the University of
California in Berkeley--
when I decided that that's
not what I wanted to do.
And I switched from the left
brain to the right brain
and went into fine
arts and painting,
and they thought I was crazy.
Maybe I was.
I don't know, but I did it.
And it took me two
more years to graduate.
But I can see the
wisdom in that now
and why I did that, though
I couldn't understanding,
even at the time,
why I was doing
what I did because when you look
at what's on the screen here,
you'll see it's an integration
of art and science, mathematics
and religion, which is what all
of the ancients all tell you,
is that those three things
are all interrelated.
Art, from a long time ago, was
not expressionistic type art
that we have now.
It was a very holy thing
that was done and sacred,
but at this point, of course,
it could be almost anything.
In my own life, I was,
like everyone else,
trying to figure out why we
were here and what was going on.
I went into the military
when I was really young,
thinking that might help.
It did, actually, because
I ended up in Vietnam.
I spent 13 months there,
long before everything
started happening,
way back in 1962,
and found myself out in
the jungles and living
in just little shacks,
learning what my job was,
which was teach English
to the Vietnamese
because I could
speak Vietnamese.
And so I spent a
long time there,
and it was there
for the first time
that I saw someone
different than Americans.
And I saw the amazing
nature of the Vietnamese,
which is real different.
Their hearts are so much
more open than ours.
I mean, I fell in
love with them,
and I didn't want to return.
I didn't know what
was about to happen.
You know, I was ready to just go
off into the jungles and forget
it and just stay
there, but it didn't.
And when I got back,
I was even stronger,
wanting to know
what was going on,
and so I went to
college, thinking maybe
that would figure it out.
And so that's the reason I went
into mathematics and physics,
trying to figure out what
this stuff was out here
and looking in that way.
But by the time I got
almost through with that,
I realized many things.
I realized, first of all,
that I was being communicated
with as I was working
through there,
which was really who I am now.
But at the time, I
was another person,
and I was communicating
to this other person
while he was going to college.
And I was giving him
a lot of this stuff,
and I gave him an understanding
where at one point
he realized that what he was
being taught in the schools
was completely wrong.
And that was partly
what made him stop.
And, really, there is no
wrong or right in this.
It's always an interpretation.
It's how we interpret things.
One day, many years later, I
had graduated from college,
and I was led to go to Canada.
And I immigrated up there.
I was going to stay there
for the rest of my life
at that time.
It had nothing to do with the
thousands of people that were
going there because of the war.
I had an honorable discharge.
I was out of all of that.
I just went there because
I felt that's where
I was supposed to go.
I went into this
valley, all by myself.
There was nobody there,
and the following year,
10,000 Americans came into
this one valley where I was.
I couldn't believe it.
It was, like,
incredible, and it was
devastating to the Canadians.
It was absolutely devastating,
what that did to them.
But while I was
there, for a while,
I was living in Vancouver,
and my wife and I
decided that we were going to
begin to search spiritually.
And we did many things.
We first started
out with hypnosis,
and we gave each other
permission to do hypnosis.
And we started
working with hypnosis,
going in and just
studying on our own.
And we found out that we
could lift out of our body
and fly around the room,
which was really a lot of fun,
and then we found
out that we could
go downtown and
go into libraries
and look in books and all
kinds of things and come back.
And this was getting
to be very interesting.
Life was getting to be more
fun than it was before,
though it didn't have any
real answers in itself.
And one day, it was
actually Yogananada's book,
I think, more than
anyone else that
got me interested in Hinduism.
And I began to study with
this particular teacher.
He was teaching us a
form of meditation,
and this was the first time
we got serious behind this.
We made these white,
silk robes with hoods
and all this kind of
stuff and sat down.
And, you know, it
was very serious.
And we began to do
this meditation,
and we hadn't any idea
where it would lead
or what it would mean.
Or anything, when
something happened to us
that wasn't in his book,
either, our teacher who
was teaching us.
We were in this room that
had 15-foot ceilings,
and these approximately 10-foot
angels appeared in the room.
And they were two
of them, and one was
kind of an ultraviolet light.
And the other one was
sort of a Kelly green
and-- I don't know-- bright
green, and they were identical.
And they were transparent.
You could see
right through them.
Their faces were so bright
that I couldn't see the faces.
I still can't see the faces.
There was so much light coming
from that area of their body.
And they communicated
with us telepathically
because the sound would
come from inside of us.
And when they first
appeared, they actually
appeared to my wife first.
I didn't see them at first.
What I saw was two spheres
of light, two round balls,
about so big, and one
green and one purple.
And it was only later when
I was speaking with my wife
after that she says, well, I
saw them as two big angels.
I went, really?
I saw these little balls, and in
a year, I'd see them as angels.
I had to work at it, real hard.
And what they told us was--
the very thing they said when
they came in was, we are you.
We are not something
separate from you,
though you are seeing
us outside of yourself.
We are literally you.
We didn't know what it meant.
I didn't know what they
meant when they said that.
And the other
thing they said was
that they had no form at all.
They were formless, but they
used form, sphericalness
or angelness, as a
vehicle of communication,
to communicate with us, so
that there was something that
could communicate
in a polarity world,
though from their
point of view, they
had absolutely no form at all.
These two particular
angels and a third angel,
which is this gold angel
that has been with me also
from the same length of time
but has never interacted
with me until about
a year ago or so,
which has now been with
every one of these workshops
throughout the last
year, the gold angel
is what I would
call my higher self.
The green angel is actually
the angel of the Earth,
and the ultraviolet angel
is the angel of the sun,
of this solar system.
It's the consciousness,
these various levels
of consciousness, that
are communicating.
And so these three
different aspects
have been leading me
through the various levels
here while I've been here,
and it's through them
that they have told me
which is my next teacher
and where to go.
And they would come in
and give me, literally,
the name and the address and
the phone number of someone,
which I would just
get in meditation,
and it is really a
funny feeling when
you'd hear somebody's
name that you never heard
or a phone number that you've
never heard and [INAUDIBLE].
But you'd go call
it, and it actually
is that person, in
the beginning, anyway.
After a while, I got used
to it because it was maybe
65 or 70 teachers that
they led me to this way.
But in the beginning, it
was kind of a funny feeling
to do that.
And so almost all the
teachers, though there probably
are some exceptions,
most of the information
has come through these angels
in this particular way.
And so they've lead me to
all these different teachers.
They've led me to all eight
of the major religions.
I've been Christian, and
Jewish, and Hindu, and Tibetan,
and Daoist, and
Sufi, and Muslim,
and I don't know
what all of them are.
I can't remember them all, but I
spent time in each one of these
to understand what they
are, and then many, many,
many of the offshoots.
And the American
Indians, also, they
were a very, very powerful
influence in all of this,
and they gave me a view
from many different towers.
And what I've discovered
from all of this
is there is really--
they're all the same.
Each person, or
each [INAUDIBLE],
says, my way is the only way.
This is part of
the problem here,
but if you really
go deeply inside
of these different
religions, their symbols
and what they're saying are
very similar, in many cases,
identical.
Though there's slight
different viewpoints,
they're still talking
about the same thing.
They have different names for
different stages of awareness.
So in this workshop, I am
going to, for the first time,
I think, I'm going to
give the entire-- I've
given little pieces
of what happened
to me from coming in here.
For the first time, I'm going
to give the entire sequence, all
the way through.
I don't know why
I'm doing it, but I
think that's what happened
to any one of the stories.
The stories that
will be told in all
of this, which will be
life experiences for me,
as I interpret them,
most of these stories
are going to be outrageous
by normal consciousness
and normal ways of thinking.
If it's too much
for you, it's OK.
You don't have to believe it.
Just take it as
a myth or a story
or whatever, but do look
at its importance in terms
of your own life
and what it could
mean from what we're talking
about relative to the subject
of this workshop.
And throughout all of this,
not only in the stories,
but even in the information,
don't believe anything I say.
Don't just take it
because I'm saying it.
Take it in and store it and
listen to it, but check it out.
See if this is true, all of it.
Don't just do it.
Find out if it's really
true, and along with all
of the things that
I say are possible,
find out if they're possible.
You know, if they're
not possible,
maybe they're not true.
But definitely don't
just accept something
that I say because I've said it.
And along those
same lines, there's
one other thing I've
got to say because this
happened in Sandpoint, Idaho.
There was a little
bit of a problem.
We're going to talk
about the yugas.
These are particular ages.
We are in the Dvapara
Yuga right now.
We just came out
of the Kali Yuga,
which is the most asleep
point in the precession
of the equinoxes.
And during the Kali
Yuga, it is kind of
necessary for those people
who are a little more
awake than the rest
of us to keep others
awake during that time,
and so the student-disciple
relationship was created
during that time.
But that relationship actually
ended about 900 years ago,
and it's actually
really out of it now.
We're into a different
stage, and the kind
of student-guru
type relationship
is dangerous at this point.
It doesn't have to be.
I mean, you can
still have teachers.
There's nothing wrong
with teachers at all,
but only this total
dependence on someone
is not-- though at one
point in our history
it was necessary, at this
point in our history,
it's very dangerous.
We are about to pass through
certain levels of consciousness
where there is not going
to be anybody else but you
and God, which
you're going to find
are the same at that point.
And you're not going
to have someone there
to ask, OK, what do I do next?
You're going to
have to learn how
to get what you need to
know from within you,
and you have all
knowledge in you.
There isn't anything that
isn't known, anywhere, that you
don't have access to, anywhere.
I mean, this distant star,
another level, all, everything
is accessible, and everything
you need to know at any moment
is always accessible to you.
You just need to know how
to access that because we've
kind of been hit on the head.
We're kind of having amnesia
and a little bit unconscious
at the moment.
So my job is just to
be a catalyst for you.
I'm going to try to do
something very quick and very
powerful to try to awaken you
to that certain level where
from there on in you can
not need anybody else,
but reach within to your own
higher self, from which you
will know exactly what the
next step is, moment to moment,
without having to go
outside of your own self.
And so I'm no one
special, you know,
and sometimes I get
this from people,
where they kind of look at
me like I'm somebody special.
I'm nobody special at all.
I am just another person.
Right now, I'm in the
same place you guys are,
trying to figure out
how to get out of here,
and I have given up everything
I've had on the other levels
to come from this, from the
same place that you have.
And we're all in this
together, and we're just
brothers and sisters.
And so it's real important
that we don't do that,
with me or with anyone else.
From my point of view,
though some wouldn't agree,
Jesus the Christ and a
drunk in a gutter are equal.
They're exactly the same
because it's the same spirit.
It's the spirit of God.
It is in both of them, equally.
Great Spirit, oh, Holy Trinity,
mother, father, child God,
creator of all life
everywhere, thank you.
Thank you for this
circle, and thank you
for the love that flows
through this circle,
for without this
love, we would never
be able to see you in the eyes
of every person before us.
And may all the
beings of light who
wish there to be love and
truth and beauty and trust
and harmony and peace
throughout the cosmos,
may those beings who have
responsibility with us
be here to help us to open
our hearts and our minds
so that we can understand
what is being presented
and make it real in our
lives and live it and breathe
it and bring it down
onto Earth now, today.
Especially the angelic
realms, the beings of light
who have never separated from
God, who have stayed with us,
protected us, guided
us, and never broke
their trust, these beings,
which are really us, and whom,
at least one way of looking
at it, of whom we are all
interconnected with
in one way or another,
I'd like to thank them
for the help they've
given us over the thousands
of years and to ask them.
I would like you to ask your
angels, whether you believe
in them or not at this point,
just to ask them, invoke them,
to come into this room, to be
present here, and to help you,
to guide you, at this time
and maybe form now on.
And when you ask them to
come in, feel their presence.
You won't have to see
them, necessarily,
but you will feel them.
And they usually come
from behind your left
and your right shoulders,
though not necessarily.
So just take the moment
now, and go within yourself,
and ask your angels to be here
with us for the next few days.
Before we ever even
start with the screen,
I'm going to describe
something so we all
have the same language.
This is this thing
about dimensions.
We all talk about this
other worlds stuff.
We need to get this
clear in our minds
what that means, at
least from the definition
that I will give you.
You may have a
different definition,
and I don't mean to
replace your definition.
I am just going to give one
that we can all talk about,
so we all have
something in common.
Now when I talk about the 4th
dimension, or the 5th, or 10th,
or 120th, or
whatever, I don't mean
what most mathematicians would
mean, and that is hyperspace,
going from a 4th-dimensional
tetrahedron, say, to a 5th
by warp, changing
space mathematically.
I don't mean that at all
because from my experience, that
just simply isn't
true, though you could
create those kind of realities.
It isn't what life
has done at all.
Life has separated the
different dimensional levels
in exactly the same
way that it has
separated the notes in music.
And so if you were
to look at a piano,
you've got your white keys,
and you've got your black keys.
And your white keys
are your whole notes,
which goes, you know,
C, D, E, F, G, et
cetera, just whole notes,
and then your black keys
are your half steps.
And your white, from C
to C, is your octave,
and your black ones are
your pentatonic scale.
You've got five notes there.
And when you add the black
ones to the white ones,
you get 12 notes, which is
called a chromatic scale.
So if you get all your
sharps and flats in there,
you have 12 notes.
The 13th one is the same
note as your eighth note.
That's your octave
on your white keys.
That's where you come
from C to C again.
It takes 13 steps to
get back there again.
And the only difference
between each one
of these notes in terms of
sound is cycles per second,
and each one of these
notes, if you start at C
and you go to C,
C-sharp, D, et cetera,
the differences between
each of the notes
are 11 cycles per second,
or multiples of them.
They are always 11,
22, 33, 44, 55, 66, 77,
99 cycles per second.
The relative proportions
of that are identical.
Well, let me put it another way.
There is something
called wavelength
in terms of either
sound or light,
just so we get this clear.
Oh, great.
This is wavelength.
Wavelength is simply--
this is your axis,
you know, the sine
wave curve that we're
all familiar with, which is
really a function of a circle.
If you have a circle like
this, and you cut it in half,
you flip this half
over to like that.
Then you've got this
sine wave curve,
and the wavelength
is how long it takes.
If you were to measure this line
running down the middle going
from here to here or from
any of the nodal points
to another point-- let's
say from here to here--
the length of this is how long.
That's called wavelength,
and wavelength
is everything in this universe.
It's everything in
all the universes
that are associated with us,
without exception whatsoever.
There are zip that aren't
a function of wavelength,
and wavelength is everything.
I mean, I can't tell
you what it means.
If you look at the
electromagnetic spectrum, which
we are going to in great detail
after we've gone a long ways,
you're going to
see that everything
from microwave towers, to
gamma rays, to sound waves,
to everything is all a function
of how long the wavelength is.
If you change the
wavelength, then you
change the nature of
what the energy is.
And so with this understanding
of wavelength, in other words,
this is a long
wavelength, and this
would be a short wavelength.
Everybody get that?
There's wavelengths
like your brain waves,
for example, that are
coming out of your head,
are so long that they're
almost straight lines, thanks.
Hey, I think we're set up here.
I bet this works.
We'll give it a see.
Aha, all right, great,
let's get rid of these guys.
And you've got little,
tiny wavelengths,
and you've gotten them so
little you can't even see them.
I mean, they get
really, really little,
and they get
really, really long.
And, again, your
brain waves that
are coming out of your head
are almost straight lines.
And you go to your
cosmic waves, and they're
so little that they are 10
to the minus 18 or something.
They're so small that you
can't even hardly see them.
If you were to look at
the dimensional levels,
the only difference between
this universe-- and when I say,
this universe, I mean all
of the planets and stars,
infinitely going out.
At least, we think it's
infinite, but it isn't.
And going within to the atoms
at any particular point,
no matter where you select,
you can go infinitely
in in that direction.
In this universe
that we now know,
there's three different basic
levels in this universe.
That just constitutes one
wavelength, the wavelength
of this universe, which was
discovered by Bell Laboratories
telephone.
It is 7.23 centimeters
long, which
happens to be the average
distances between your eyes.
Take the distance
between your eyes.
You've got to
average 100 people,
and you'll find it's
exactly 7.23 centimeters.
Or if you take the distance
across your palms, 7.23
centimeters.
The distance between
the tip of your nose
and the tip of your chin
is 7.23 centimeters.
We have it spread
throughout our body.
All life forms have it shuffled
throughout their systems.
And Bell discovered
it when they were
creating the
microwave towers that
stretch all over the place.
They happened to
pick 7 centimeters
as their transmitting
wavelength,
by accident or whatever.
And when they set
up the whole system
and turned it on and
threw the big switches
and got the whole
thing going, they
had this incredible static
running through the systems.
And when they tried to
locate where it was,
they looked through
their systems,
and they looked into the earth
and looked everywhere else.
But then when they pointed up to
the heavens, they said, oh, no.
It's coming from everywhere,
and it is nearly everywhere.
And the reason it's 7.2,
you can communicate that
from a quantum
mechanic point of view.
Now, let me just say
one more thing here.
I'm sometimes maybe speaking
over some of your heads.
Don't worry about it.
Just watch the
stuff like a movie.
Take in what you can take in.
And don't worry if you're
not getting something
because you're getting
whatever you need.
And so I'm talking
to a lot of people
on a lot of different levels.
Just get what you can, and
what you can't, it's OK.
In quantum physics,
you can look at, like,
this pen as either being made
up of little, tiny particles
or made up of, you
could say, sound.
Wavelength, so there is what's
called a sine wave signature.
We saw what a sine wave was.
A sine wave signature
is, say, something
that would look like this.
It would come up on
a computer monitor,
or maybe it would
look like that.
Or maybe it would be-- there's,
like, a hand writing signature.
It's a very specific signature,
and every physical object
in the universe has its own
signature, it's own sound wave
signature.
In fact, it's a language.
Some people believe that
if, in fact, it is possible,
if you absolutely
create the signature,
you create the object.
But if you took all the
objects in our universe,
and they're all putting out
their own sound, if you want,
and if you average or
compute the average of all
those sounds, you get
7.23 centimeters long,
which is a pretty short
wavelength of about so long,
like I said, the distance
between the eyes.
And from my point
of view, that's
also Om, that the Hindus
and Tibetans refer to Om.
Om is the sound of the universe.
It's the sound of all
things at one moment.
Well, in terms of looking
at the dimensional levels,
many people, if you
talk to various people,
they will refer to these
144 dimensional levels
that are in the octaves.
What this is is, again,
looking at your music,
you have 12 basic notes.
And then you have
your 13th one, which
is the return or
the next octave,
going up to the next octave,
repeating the same basic things
over again.
And in between each
one of these twelve,
there are 12 overtones
that approximate--
approximate exactly-- the larger
one, which are holographic
in nature.
And so sound, or
electromagnetic light,
is holographic in nature.
You can go within
it, just like you
can go within any particular
point into a table.
You can go down at any point,
down into the microcosm,
or you can go above.
And it's the same way.
This whole octave
becomes a note.
There are larger octaves
where the whole octave becomes
a note relative to another
octave above that one.
And because there's 12
of these between each one
of these notes, and you've
got 12 notes, the 12 times 12
produces the 144
dimensional levels.
So you have these
144 dimensions,
though you have 12 primary ones.
And these are what in "Star
Trek" you might call subspace.
They are real worlds.
They're just as infinite
as anywhere else.
They just aren't
whole-note universes,
and they're just as important.
They all have life.
All of this is filled
with life, totally.
I don't know if there are any.
There might be some that
are not filled with life,
but, yeah, there are some
that are not filled with life,
but not very many.
And where we sit right
now is right here,
on the third dimension
of an octave.
So it does not
mean the xyz-axis,
being the three
dimensions of space
and then the fourth
dimension being time
and this kind of concept.
Forget that.
We just happen to be sitting on
the third note of this octave
with a wavelength about so
long, and our consciousness
is tuned to this wavelength,
which puts us here.
And we are breathing in a very
specific way, which tunes us,
which is the key that tunes us
to this particular universe.
But if you were to
change your breathing
and to tune your
consciousness level
to a different wavelength, if
you were capable of doing that,
you would disappear, literally,
body and all, right out
of this space and reappear
into the one that you tuned to.
And that whole science has a
name, which is called Merkaba,
and Merkaba is one of the
bottom lines of what we're going
to talk about in this workshop.
Though it's spoken in
one word in present day,
it's really three words.
It's mer, which
is light, but it's
a very specific kind of light.
It's a counter-rotating
field of light.
And then there's ka,
which in almost all
of the ancient
languages means spirit.
And ba, or sometimes
said, vah, depending
on the language it came
from-- in the Hebrew,
it's vah-- it means
body, though that only
holds true if there are bodies.
As you move up, you
rapidly move into areas
where matter is not a
part of a relationship.
And so it could
either mean body,
or it could just
simply mean reality,
the taking of a
reality or a portion
of the reality with you.
And so the three words together
mean a counter-rotating field
of light that contains
both spirit and body,
and it becomes a vehicle
take you from one dimension
into another, one
universe to another.
This is known
everywhere, by everybody,
except for when you
come way, way, way down,
like where we are,
where we're unconscious
and we don't remember very much.
But everybody else knows.
It's, like, you know, everybody
is totally aware of it,
though the science is known
to greater and greater degrees
as people progress up further.
We are as far down the
line as you can get,
down in these two other octaves.
This is not even self-aware.
We are at the very bottom.
This is the lowest possible
consciousness in the octave
there is of consciousness
and still be self-aware.
There is only one level of
consciousness underneath us,
and that one is
actually higher than us.
I'll explain that later.
So we are the lowest form of--
we're the bottom right now.
And so each one of these
changes the wavelength,
gets actually shorter as you
go up in higher energy levels,
kind of like red light has a
long wavelength and violet,
purple has a short wavelength,
and the shorter wavelengths
is higher energy.
And as you progress up through
the dimensional levels,
you'll go into shorter
and shorter and shorter
wavelengths.
You go this way,
they get longer.
And, of course, there's
an octave below this,
and there's an octave above it.
And the octave above
it and below it
have very specific
relationships to each other,
but music is the key.
Once you know the wavelength of
this one, and you know music,
you can calculate very
precisely all the wavelengths
of all the other ones, depending
on your accuracy of how good
you got that one.
And you can know exactly
right where they are.
And between each one of
these universes is nothing.
It's void.
It's absolutely no
thing, and there's
different kinds of voidness.
There's 144 different kinds
of voidness, each one having
different mean, depending
on what one you're in,
but no matter how you do
it, it's nothing, no thing.
Only spirit moves through
these various levels,
though they have learned how to
take matter through these voids
up to here.
And right there,
and over here also,
there are what many people
refer to as the great walls.
There are these void
states here and here
that are so great and so deep
and so vast in their nature
that no thing can
pass through them.
This is the dilemma of
certain people like the Greys,
which we will go into later on.
Many of you may not
know who the Greys are,
but the Greys are a particular
race of beings in this octave
that have progressed
intellectually
to the point of
saturation, you might say.
They got it all,
at least they got
half of what-- they didn't
get the emotional side of it,
but they didn't get the
intellectual side of it.
And intellectually, they can
find no way to through here
because the only way you
can get through there
is just spirit, all by itself.
And they are trying to use
physical machines, UFOs, flying
craft to get through,
and there is no way.
At least, there is no
known way in existence.
And so this basic
understanding will
help when we start
referring to various things
at different dimensional levels.
What this class teaches is how
to go from one particular level
to another specific
level, which lies--
1, 2, 3-- they sit right here,
right before the 5th dimension.
It's the 10th, 11th, and
12th overtone of the 4th.
This is the 4th, and this one is
the 5th, on a chromatic scale.
And it's right here that we're
going to go from here to there,
and this is just above
the angelic realms,
of which is the 7th,
8th, and 9th overtone
of the 4th dimension.
And the 10th, 11th,
and 12th is where
a particular level of
unity consciousness
begins to take place.
It begins in these
levels, though it really
doesn't impact the person
making the transition until they
get to the 5th.
But it's right here,
where you would
call Christ consciousness.
There is a body that
exists everywhere,
and there is only
one of these bodies.
There is only one son
of God, and this body
extends from this point out.
And there is, you might
say, an infinite number
of beings that are connected
to this body or cells
in this body, and it's a
very specific understanding,
a very specific
interpretation of the reality.
There's only one
reality, but there's
a lot of ways to interpret it.
And so this is where
this particular Merkaba
that I'm teaching will take
us to go from planet Earth
to these very specific places.
And from there, you won't
need me or anything else
because after that, once
you learn how to get there,
you'll be met by other specific
levels of awareness that
are connected to you
and take you on through,
through the rest of it.
So the job of this
workshop is just
to make this one little
step over to here,
and whether or not you go
into the 10th, 11th, or 12th,
it doesn't really matter.
But you will go
according to your nature,
your different
particular levels there,
and that's a stepping stone.
It's a Place to make a
translation from there
to the 5th, and from
then on in, you're
going to move very rapidly,
beyond your imagination
right now.
There aren't any words
that I can tell you
that would even begin to come
close to talking about that.
We can talk about this, kind
of, but from there on out,
it's just words that don't
mean a whole lot about anything
except experience.
And so this is the essence, on
a tactical level, of what we're
going to be teaching you.
And so now that
we've got that, I'm
going to take one
second here now.
Are there any questions on this?
>>When we go to the 4th
dimension of the 10th, 11th,
and 12th, is it Earth
in a higher dimension,
or is it someplace
totally different?
>>Yeah, we will
be on Earth still.
The dimensions are
all superimposed.
You don't go anywhere
to get there.
All of them, without exception,
are right here in my hand.
They are all passed
through each other,
and they're all
in the same place.
It's a matter of tuning.
It's like a television.
You've got one TV.
You change the channel.
All you're doing is changing
the wavelength of the reception,
and you get a different picture.
And so Earth has many
dimensional levels,
though it's really
not that many.
It has the third
dimensional level.
There's kind of a vacuum
right after the third,
but in the fourth,
there's a lot going on
between the fourth and all
the way up into-- well,
we've got some going all
the way up until the 12th.
At this point, we've even
got it over into the 13th,
which is incredible.
The cream of the
crop of our awareness
has made it, the
ascended masters.
A small number of
our ascended masters
have figured out how to get on
to the other side of the wall,
so Earth has made the leap
all the way over here,
though it's only a very
small number of us.
So we have these
different places in them,
in terms of the octave.
We have a lot of life going
on in the fourth dimension.
There's a lot going
on in the fifth.
There's a whole lot
going on in the sixth,
especially into the
last 3 overtones
of the sixth dimension.
The 10th, 11th, and
12th overtone, that's
where all the ascended
masters reside.
There's a whole world
there, a universe
that's there, on Earth.
And then there's only
three or four people
who were able to get into
the seventh dimension,
just in terms of human
bodies, the pineal gland.
And it was their
understanding that
allowed us to go over
to the great wall.
There's a huge learning
that's going on
with the ascended
masters right now.
I mean, they are just
learning like crazy right now
on a lot of things,
and so we do have
these other universes
that are around,
that the Earth is tuned to.
There's got to be somebody
there tuned to it.
You know, there's got to
be a conscioussness that's
tuned to it, and so there's life
there that is tuned to this.
It's very complex.
And I won't get into all of
it because it's very complex.
You can't speak unless
you've got the magic mic.
>>I have a question about--
do these dimensions also
relate or correspond to
the chakra in the body?
Are we moving from--
>>Absolutely, they
are identical.
You have 12 primary chakras.
The 13th one is over your head,
and the chakra system running
up, the template that
creates the chakra system,
is exactly the same template
that creates the universes.
It's also exactly
the same one that
creates the light patterns.
It's the same on that
creates your eyes.
It's the same one that all your
mental patterns are stored on.
It's used your emotional body.
It's the same exact
template, but it is the same.
The chakra patterns
moving up here
and this are
absolutely interlinked.
>>OK, so we're not
going anywhere.
We're just opening up and moving
into that different chakra.
>>Yeah, it's not
really a movement.
It's a consciousness change.
>>And then there is [INAUDIBLE].
I mean, we've experienced moving
into the different chakras
at times, but this seems
to be a settling of inside
of that fourth dimension.
>>Well, there is a real
difference in, like,
moving your attention
from one chakra to another
and actually going into
it because if you actually
go beyond just moving
attention and you actually
go into that chakra, you
will be in that place.
You will be in that universe.
And so it's kind of
like the difference
between talking
about going to Europe
and actually getting on a
plane and flying over there,
which is the actual experience.
And so a lot of times,
much of the meditation,
even for the posture
meditation, if you're
sitting for 18
hours or something
of this kind of nature, that may
or may not be the experience.
You may still be veiled.
You may be sitting there,
thinking you're having
the experience, and you're not.
If you ever move, say,
into the heart chakra,
you will know definitely that
you moved into the heart chakra
because you will become
the entire universe.
It's an experience that's beyond
words, and if you have that,
you'll know it.
Whereas you could sit for
40 years in meditation,
thinking that you are having the
experience of the heart chakra,
which, really, you're not.
So I don't know for sure
what to say to you on that.
>>Is is possible with
frequency, sound, to move?
We're talking about doing
the breathing, which is also
frequencies, but there must be
a sound wave that can vibrate.
>>OK, yeah, there is.
The technique of the
Merkaba that I'm using
is based on breathing.
There are other techniques
around breathing
that will do similar
things, that will work also.
This one that I'm using
is the primary one.
It's easiest one
and simplest one.
And it's the one that most
people in the universe
find quicker, though there
are lots of other ones.
It's not the only way.
There are other
breathing techniques,
but this criteria is
that all you have to do
is tie the information
of the Merkaba
to any aspect of
your physical body.
So you could tie it to sound.
You can tie it to
the human voice.
The human voice has the level
of frequencies of everything
that's necessary to scan this.
You could also tie it to
other aspects of the body.
You could tie it to the
very movement of the body
through space if you wanted to.
You could tie it to
sexual energy and Tantra
or to heart rhythms.
It has to be something you can
control, you have control over.
If you can control your heart,
then you can use that rhythm.
But one of the easiest things
to control is breathing,
and it has direct relationship.
So that's why we use breathing.
It's the simplest one.
There's a lot of other ones.
If you study Shiva in
Hinduism, through Shiva you
will see that there are
113 forms of meditation
that they teach,
and this is very
similar to what I am saying.
The first 8 of those 113 forms
are breathing techniques.
They say these are
all the meditation
techniques there are in
existence, according to Shiva.
The first eight of
them are breathing,
and they are very
different patterns.
And no matter what the breathing
pattern is around the world,
they can fit it into
one of those eight.
And then after that,
you've got 104 more.
There's actually 112 and 1.
The first 112 are all male
because they have form.
And they have shape, and
you can communicate it
from one person to another.
You say, this is how you do it.
The 113th one is female,
and it has no form.
So you can't tell
somebody how to do it.
It's just following
the heart, and there
is no right or wrong way.
And so that's different,
but the male ways all
have you do it this way.
And you do it this way,
and you do it this way.
You've got form to it.
And the 104 ways after the
first 8 are totally unique.
They're all primal functions.
They're different.
I can't remember them all.
I can only remember a few, but
one of them, when I read it,
it was-- I'm giving
you a course.
That's a primal thing.
One of them is that you're
just sucking your thumb.
It's very primal.
It's the first thing
a baby does, man.
And for some people, they
can suck their thumb,
and they remember their
connection to God, only a few,
just one in maybe
200,000 people.
I'm just guessing at that.
It's only a few.
If you can, if you start
messing around with this stuff
before you're ready, you could
go into some dimensional level
that you're not ready for.
And when you do
that, what life does,
if you show up somewhere where
you're not supposed to be,
life kind of confiscates you.
It says, OK, you got
here ahead of time.
You just wait now.
And it'll hold you there, and
you won't be able to move.
It'll hold you there until the
rest of your consciousness,
the rest of the cells, meet up.
So those of you who read
The Emerald Tablet-- who's
read The Emerald Tablet?
A few people, you remember
when Thoth was entering
into the sixth dimension?
He wrote that book 2,000 years.
But at that time,
he was really afraid
because that was when he was
just beginning to enter it.
Of course, now, they're all
living in the sixth dimension.
They were just going in there,
and when they got in there,
there were the hounds that
were chasing them and trying
to get them.
And if they got them, they
would hold them and keep them.
They don't kill you.
I mean, they just hold you.
That's all.
They just keep you
there for a while,
so you could get
detained or arrested
if you proceed too
quickly and too far.
But you won't get hurt.
I mean, ultimately, you may
have to wait a long time.
It would be better to
proceed in an organic--
not to be sucked into
so much of a hurry
and experience each one of
those steps the way you have to.
OK, we only get a
couple more questions,
then we've got to go on.
>>You mentioned that the
Greys can travel from one wall
to another.
>>They are trapped
within these walls.
>>So they can exist in other
dimensions, or do exist?
>>Oh, yeah, yeah,
they're real good.
They can go anywhere within
these 144 dimensions.
They just can't get out.
>>And the Lucifer
aspect, how far can he
travel, also from wall to wall?
>>Lucifer is also trapped in
those 144 dimensional lines.
>>Thank you.
>>OK, two more
questions, and that's
it, just these two people here.
>>What is the difference
between the successive octaves
and getting through the wall?
It just puts you
to a new octave?
What's the octave?
>>Well, you see, once--
OK, that's a good question.
I think I said we
exist on other levels,
when we were talking
about the angels
being us on another level.
You exist on a lot
of other levels.
Most people exist on
anywhere from five
to maybe 100 or so other
dimensional levels,
and, literally, you have a
counterpart, an aspect of you
that is literally there.
And it's you.
Though most of that is
totally conscious of itself,
stretched throughout there.
It's only this lowest,
lowest, lowest level, us,
down here that we're not aware,
though the other aspect of it
is aware of you.
If you look at
this like a piano,
and you were to play those
other worlds that you're on,
you would find that they
form chords, almost always.
It's really rare, unless
you're a terrible piano player.
[INAUDIBLE] almost
always will be
in other dimensional levels
that are harmonic with the one
that you're in.
And there's a lot of
combinations that can come out
of here besides this one,
so there's lots and lots
of other combinations.
But what happens is a
person, or a little spirit,
will learn how to
play one chord,
and then once it figures out,
hey, you can make chords,
it will try another one and then
another one and another one.
And pretty soon, it learns
how to play the piano,
and eventually it learns
how to go through all 144
dimensional levels.
And the key is to be able
to go into that world
and be conscious and
stable and stay there
because what usually
happens when you
go into a dimensional world
that you're not supposed
to be there, it's either
going to trap you there,
or it's going to spit you back
out and throw you back out.
You can't stay
there for maybe more
than just-- maybe a few
minutes, experientially, or just
a short time.
And then you're really
throwing yourself out,
which I'll explain later,
but it won't keep you.
You won't be able to stay there.
But after a while,
when you slowly
start learning how
to play the piano,
you slowly learn how to go
into any of these worlds
and be comfortable and
stay there, no matter
where it is, no matter how
high it is or low it is
or complex or simple or
whatever it is that's going on.
And each one of these
different universes
are visually, experientially,
and sensually totally
different, absolutely,
completely different.
Just going from
where you're going
to go right now to this
next [INAUDIBLE] up here,
it's so different that it's
going to take me a long time
to describe it.
Even the colors aren't the same.
Shape will not be
anything like your mind
can conceive of right now.
Everything will be
real, real different,
but between this
close of a jump,
there are certain similarities.
But as you go up, it really
starts changing a lot,
and so it takes
time for a spirit
to eventually get
to the place where
it can go through all of them.
When someone does
that, when they finally
learn how to do
them all, and then
they learn how to get
on to the other side,
and they realize, son of a gun.
It keeps repeating itself.
And they realize, wow.
It's all the same.
It just repeats itself.
Then a big lesson happens
right here for that spirit,
and a choice has to be made.
At that point, they can see
the whole, no matter what
octave they're in, they can
see the whole from that point.
Long before they ever
reach this place,
they're going to realize that
there is no inside and outside
and that everything
that is is them,
and so that kind of connection.
But when they make
this jump, they
will really understand
that because they
will have spanned the whole
spectrum of this experiment
that we're in.
Because they know
that all life is them,
they are either going
to make the decision
to stay here in this
wave form universe
and to help all the aspects
that are lower to get through
and to understand
or, in other words,
to complete the experiment.
They are either
going to do that,
or they're going
to leave, go what
the Tibetans call beyond the
beyond the beyond the beyond.
They're going to leave the whole
universe, totally, step back
outside the system from
which it was created,
and return into godness, return
into the single spirit that
created this from before, and
from which either way is OK.
It just depends on
what you choose.
If you choose to do that,
if you choose to stay here,
the name for that
is Melchizedek,
and it's another
level of consciousness
that is very much like
Christ consciousness.
And it is one that has
spanned the whole spectrum.
And if you do that,
the moment you
make that decision
in your heart,
life grabs you real
good, and it uses you.
And it uses you primarily in
dimensional changes and things
to do with dimensions because
you're an expert at it.
And so whenever there is a
problem in any of the worlds
or levels, octaves-- and
there's always little problems,
just like there is in your body.
When problems happen in life,
we use the [INAUDIBLE] to go in
and to try to alter or change
whatever life wants you to do.
If you go beyond, you brought
with you experience back
to that which created
the experiment,
and so either way is OK.
But there is a point
where you make a decision.
If you do choose to stay within
the Melchizedek consciousness,
you then really can't
help yourself anymore
because you've gone as far
as you can on that level.
There's nothing to do but
to go back down into life
and to serve and to work.
And you try to help because
you know absolutely,
beyond any doubt
whatsoever, that there's
an absolute unity to life.
And so you begin to
allow God to work
through you so that the original
intent of the creation unfolds.
And many of you in
this room are very
close to making that
decision on certain levels.
There are certain completion
patterns that you have to do.
Well, that's not true
for most people on Earth.
Most people on
Earth, some of them
are still working
with simple chords.
That doesn't mean that
you're higher than them.
It just means
because you are them.
It just simply means that
your point of consciousness
is kind of lit further
down, and so you
have more responsibility.
That's all it is.
You've just got more to do.
You work harder.
>>So when you talked
to the few masters who
were right at the
wall, and they're
learning a whole
bunch right now,
are they just
within this octave?
>>Yeah, they're just within--
this is Earth consciousness I'm
referring to, and Earth
consciousness is learning how,
at the moment, to
go through the wall
and to make these
kinds of decisions.
And it's looking
like we're all going
to be faced with these decisions
because if what we think
is true, we are about
to make an extremely
unheard of, unparalleled,
never-seen-before, rapid change
from where we are down here
all the way through all
these dimensional levels at
an extremely accelerated pace.
We don't know why
it's happening.
We just think.
We believe at this
point that that's
what's going to happen here,
and everything is already
opening up that way.
[INAUDIBLE] happens, it's
going to be extraordinary.
It's going to be an
extraordinary experience.
[INAUDIBLE] because
this is brand new.
There's not very many brand-new
experiences in the universe,
but this a brand-new experience.
It's only every once in a
while that God intersects
outside the system,
and that appears
to be what's happening
right now on Earth,
is that God is
directly intervening
from outside the system.
It's great.
I'm really glad to see it.
OK, we'll take that
one last question then.
Just speak it out loud.
>>What is the reason that
God is intervening now?
>>He put this little
seed into the universe
and created a situation where
there was no other way to go,
and then what the
seed was chosen,
then everything has
unfolded because of it.
So hidden deep in
the universe was
this little thing, which
we'll talk about later,
and it's created everything
that's happening here,
the way it's going.
It's pretty obvious
that this is what
us on the outside of the system
wanted to take place, but why
now?
I can say, why now,
on certain levels,
but why now on the big
picture I have no idea.
OK, one more.
You're absolutely the last.
Yes?
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>OK, give her the magic wand,
and then right after this,
we'll cut this one.
And this will be the first one.
>>So why are we here?
And has that seed
been implanted in us?
Because before I arrived,
I kept hearing that word,
without ever hearing it before.
>>What word?
>>Merkaba.
>>Oh, Merkaba, well,
it's an ancient word,
and we all know the sound of it.
The Zulus in Africa,
they talk about how
they came in-- it's this guy.
He's going around
all over the world
right now, talking about
their ancient culture.
And he talks about
how they come in
on these disk-shaped Merkabas,
using exactly the same word.
It's in their ancient tradition.
Or if you go back to
Ezekiel in the Bible,
or if you go to-- it's the
sound of that word, is ancient.
And it's an old, old, old one.
But why you?
When you're talking
about you coming here,
nobody can answer
that question but you.
That's why--
>>Us, I mean, this group of us.
>>Well, there are people that
are coming from the past.
There are people that are
coming from within the future.
coming from into the future,
a lot of intersecting
stuff that's
going on here that's usually
not done, at least to the degree
that it's taking
place here right now.
There are a lot of
things going on,
and we'll slowly unfold
this over the next few days
to the best of my
ability, is to explain
all the different levels
that are going on.
But there's a lot of
people coming here
that are very advanced souls
and have real definite purpose
why you're here, though
most of you, or many of you,
don't know what
that is right now.
While you may feel
it in your heart,
you may not know exactly what it
is, and that's part of my job,
is to try to jar those memories.